This past summer, it was my privilege to attend a large regional convention in Stockholm, Sweden.
Brothers and sisters from Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Greenland, the Faroe Islands, and also the Swedish Circuit in Finland,
were present at this historic convention.
While this event was a great spiritual boost for the witnesses, some of you may know that the majority of the local residents do not believe in God.
Many consider themselves atheists, but the conduct and professionalism of Jehovah's people made a great impact.
First, the branch offices were emerged, and the result was a new branch office, Scandinavia branch.
We thought that if all the brothers in Scandinavia should benefit from this unity, then we had to have a convention in Stockholm.
Here we were allowed to arrange a regional convention, but one of enormous size.
Having 50,000 brothers gathered together for three days is the largest bureaucratic event ever in Scandinavia.
So we began to look for a facility, and we found friends arena.
I think we have had a very good collaboration.
Many times I have thought, wow, these people working for you as the organizers of infrastructure, logistics, and so on, we should work with them more often.
The use of technology has been the greatest challenge.
Obviously, with such a last project, many details have to come together.
There are four languages and three sign languages, and all this have to be tied together and worked at the same time.
It has been a challenge, but we made it work.
All the experts argued that it would be impossible to have four languages at one arena.
Families with children and strollers arrived.
Some elderly publishers get up at 5.30 or 6am, getting on the bus to be here in good time.
Jehovah must be joyful seeing all the people appreciating the spiritual program and all their efforts.
When the song started, 50,000 were in place here, and it was our proof that all the hard work and preparation was successful.
And actually, I shared a tear of joy. I did.
One of the managers at the arena said, you have to stand and listen to the song, because you will never again hear a choir of 50,000 singing at the same time.
You just have to listen to it.
First, I want to thank you for how well it worked out.
Normally, at arrangements of this size, we are using an event agency.
But you've done this for many years, and you've done a fantastic job, so it wasn't needed.
You've been very professional and have knowledge of the business industry.
I've told the contact persons I've been involved with that they should start up an event agency because it has worked out so smoothly.
I can warmly recommend other cities to welcome you.
You have been very well organized, and we have not had to put much effort into the arrangement.
It requires a good organization to get all things to fall into place.
Obviously, having so many tourists in Stockholm at the same time benefits the whole city.
I looked at the number of hotel bookings, and there are not many rooms available.
There are many who can learn from the work of the logistics of how to get 50,000 people into the area at the same time.
That is something we can learn a lot from.
We met with the police this afternoon, and they said that they have never seen such a well organized event ever.
Seeing how everything has been successful, that is a clear evidence of Jehovah's help.
It is a great confirmation of one's faith.
Here you really see faith in action.
Here you see the foundation for a new and better world.